Arduino uses a variant of the C programming language.

What differences and similarites have you noticed? Provide at least 3 and explain in complete sentences.
	1. C is not an object-oriented language like Java. It lacks classes and objects.
	2. instead of public static void main(),  we have void setup() and  void loop()
	3. We use C to give instructions to the hardware of the arduino, but we kept Java on the computer itself.
What code adaptations have you made? Or will you make if none to date. Note: 'none' is not a valid answer]
		I have adpted code by performing conversions between data types, converting between units such as hectopascals to atmospheres, and translating input from a sensor to a visual output of an OLED screen.	
What is required for a circuit?
	Flow of electrons from negative to positive.
How are programs compiled with Arduino?
	The Arduino IDE allows us to compile C programs into machine-readable code, which is then uploaded to the arduino.
Describe the projects you have completed this/last week and what you have learned from them. Descriptions should be _at least_ one full paragraph in length.
	The project I created consisted of a OLED screen which provided output from a temperature/pressure/altitude sensor.
	the sensor had to be soldered first, which refreshed my memory on how to solder. Afterwards, many libraries had to be installed to get the sensor to work.  I learned that getting the right libraries is important for arduino, because hardware has a hard time without them.
You will be completing your own project - a project of your own design that accepts user input and provides light and sound in some way.
Describe your project and the code adaptations you will have to make. [Note - 'none' is not a valid answer. For example, there is a 'Simon' game provided - using that code would earn a '0' because it is 0% your code.]

	The project will consist of a Home Automation system that can perform various household tasks. It will be wirelessly controlled via bluetooth, or wifi, and will use things like servos and LEDS to represent different household objects that can be manipulated.
